>> This is "Nuevo."
One of the most extraordinary
cases in the history of the UFO
phenomenon is Antonio Urzi, a
young fashion designer in Italy
who has become the best
UFO hunter in the world.
His evidence is one of
the best of all time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presents "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.
>> The sincerity of the
witnesses is evident.
All of them have had
direct experiences
with Antonio, which become
an additional factor that
can demonstrate the
authenticity of this case.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Antonio Urzi has achieved
great prestige as a designer.
Among his clients are Lady Gaga,
Christina Aguilera, Rihanna,
Naomi Campbell, Britney
Spears, and Beyonce.
Also personalities from
Italy, such as Ilary Blasi,
Elisabetta Canals, Belen
Rodriguez, and Anna Oxa.
He has also worked for designers
like Giorgio Armani, Versace,
Chanel, Fendi,
Dolce and Gabbana,
and Antonio Scognamiglio.
He designed the costumes for
Lady Gaga for her Born This Way
Tour and also participated in
the design of the Lady Gaga
costumes for the Super Bowl.
[MUSIC - LADY GAGA, "POKER
FACE"]
>> (SINGING) Muh-muh-muh-my.
I wanna hold 'em like
they do in Texas, please.
>> In 2007, we had the
opportunity to interview
Antonio Urzi about his designs
and the influence of the UFO
phenomenon on his creations.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Yes.
I started in 1990, 17 years ago.
I created clothes of
this kind for the world
of discos and show business.
Over the years, I began to
meet more and more important
people, who brought me into
the world of television.
I started designing for
VIPs and celebrities
in our country using this
technique that is so unique.
Stylists incorporate my designs
with alternative methods,
while combining them
with standard materials.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Absolutely.
Initially, 15 years ago, I
worked without any direction.
I didn't know what I was doing.
Over time, I
developed a UFO theme.
In 1997, I returned
to make new designs
while I was again in contact
with extraterrestrial beings.
For several years
I have continued
with this technique for
the world of television,
not only for the
commercial side.
I usually dream about these
ideas during the night.
Before I start, I write
down what I saw in my dream.
I see the pattern in particular,
the armor of this type, which
is more complicated, as
well as many other things.
In my dreams, I
clearly see the outline
of a model from the
front, the side, and back
as well as the materials
that I must use.
In the morning when I get
up, I know what I have to do.
For example, the suit, it took
me a day and a half or two days
to do it.
If that day I have
an inspiration,
I do it like a painter when
he creates his paintings.
>> These are some of the
latest designs by Antonio,
whose dream is to
develop his own brand.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So far, despite the
extraordinary success
that Antonio has
had, he has not been
able to acquire the level
of income that would
allow him to live comfortably.
There have been difficult years.
Let's look at another
sequence of videos recorded
by Antonio Urzi in 2014.
This seems to be a
semi-transparent ring,
and inside it moves
what looks like spheres.
We cannot determine what it is.
It is evident that it
is a technology that
is not from this planet.
In 2015, he would record one of
his most extraordinary videos
from a park near his house,
where he usually now carries
out his surveillance.
The ship remained motionless
for more than 10 minutes.
We can see the
trees in the park.
The images are captured with
a telescopic lens of 1,000
millimeters and
an extension that
allows it to increase its
power up to 2,200 millimeters.
On Saturday,
October 24, 2015, he
obtained new images of an
inexplicable form of energy.
The filming was made from his
home in Cinisello Balsamo.
Antonio remains silent.
We only hear the music
in the background,
which Antonio listens to
during his recordings.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
On Wednesday, November 4,
Antonio had a keen perception
that something would appear in
the sky that day, and it did.
The UFO became visible
at a great altitude.
>> Good afternoon.
It's almost 1:30 PM.
I think it's going to
happen at any moment.
The signal is direct without
disconnecting the camera.
I can see and shoot directly.
I'm waiting.
I feel like they
are now in the sky,
but I still do not see them.
I think they will appear on
top of the green building,
like always.
Let's hope with confidence.
I know that they are going
to present themselves.
There is is, here.
You can see it live.
They have not disappointed us.
I think it's a sphere.
I have to use the zoom,
because I do not see much.
I'm moving the zoom
in the viewfinder.
There it is.
Yes, it is a sphere with light.
Do not forget that I actually
felt that the object would
come, and here we are--
in Cinisello Balsamo.
>> Currently a group of more
than 20 people accompany
Antonio in his surveillance.
Antonio formed this
group so that they
can videorecord the
same objects that he
observes using their cameras.
Let's listen to
some testimonies.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Yeah.
Many times, I have been
witness with Antonio.
We've filmed together
several UFOs.
What happens is that
Antonio knows when to shoot.
He tells me, get ready
because a spaceship is coming.
When I met Antonio and
became his collaborator,
I helped him record the videos,
and later we would publish them
on the internet.
We've seen flotillas,
UFOs with lights,
metal UFOs, organic ships.
We saw rings that
are duplicated,
and then rings that disappear.
We've seen everything.
Yeah, that's right.
Totally true, yeah.
I think we should
reflect for a moment
why would a person
like Antonio, who
is well-known in
the fashion world,
seek more fame with
a subject that is,
let's just say,
sometimes controversial.
It doesn't make much sense.
Sometimes people
try and attack him
on a personal level when he
just tries to prove his truth.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I have known Antonio
Urzi for 10 years.
I have seen many
spaceships with him
at different times of the day--
during dinner, or at lunchtime.
We see UFOs and also
spheres right here
where he lives, sometimes
outside his house,
on the mountain, in
many different places.
I've filmed with him or
only hung out with him.
What else can I say?
This is real.
I'm just one of
the many witnesses.
>> One of the most critical
aspects for these witnesses is
Antonio's ability to anticipate
the arrival of these UFOs.
>> From my personal experience,
I think that everything is
true.
What I saw was real.
Why is it true?
I've lived these
experiences by myself,
other times with our group.
Antonio always shares
his experiences,
and then confronts
us with the reality.
Even so, what he does
is not that simple.
He's a man who lives his life,
has his family, and his work.
He also has a
special relationship
that is different from ours.
We only relate to
other human beings,
but he does it with other kinds
of beings, and shares with us
many testimonies in a
straightforward way.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Yes, yes, several times
since we've been friends.
Many years ago when
we were in Germany,
we saw an enormous
metallic spacecraft.
We were about 500 feet away, and
it almost touched the ground.
It was truly immense.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Yes.
I have been an eyewitness
to these events.
I did not know Antonio until
my first encounter with him
here at Cinisello.
And that was the end
of September 2014.
At the end of that
meeting, the UFOs
appeared, just as Antonio
has described and filmed
many other times.
I wanted to be close to
Antonio, to have a clear view,
and to confirm
everything he saw,
and to be able to give
a testimony that this
is a real case.
Afterwards, I could report
all those encounters
on top-rated radio programs
all throughout Italy.
That way, you would be able to
evaluate all the testimonies,
since this was truly a
challenging case to believe.
I wanted to help
him however I could.
I would like to
say something else.
I sincerely can't imagine
how Antonio could predict
such incredible manifestations.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I met him three years
ago when I saw the UFOs
for the first time.
I was in Cinisello, and I saw a
dark, black object very close.
Since that day, I have seen many
more in various places in Italy
together with Antonio.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I had strong emotions of
disbelief in the beginning.
Later you become used
to these experiences
shared with Antonio.
We realized that we are facing
a real phenomenon that's
not of this earth.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Yes.
I have known him
for three years.
The first time I saw him
was in the park near here.
After two hours had
passed, we saw two objects.
It was incredible because
they appeared out of nowhere
under the clouds.
One looked like a yellowish
jellyfish, and the other blue.
After a few minutes,
Antonio started recording,
and I took pictures of
another object that was nearby
that was white.
For me, it was a
wonderful experience
since I had only seen the videos
of Antonio on the internet.
Of course these recordings
caused a lot of doubts
because they are
so extraordinary.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Now that I know
him and he's a friend,
I can say he's honest.
That's his passion, and he's not
making money with those videos.
It is very commendable
what he does
to expose the reality of
UFOs and extraterrestrials.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I understand them, because
the same thing happened to me
years ago when I
first saw the videos.
They seemed to me to be fake,
even though they were very
well-made and filmed up close.
But after meeting Antonio
and witnessing the objects
in the company of other
people, my opinion changed.
I remember another time
when we saw a ring that
was motionless in the sky.
So I no longer have any doubts.
>> Pier Giorgio Caria has
researched this case since
2006.
At first, he had doubts.
Today, he is convinced that
these events are authentic.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I'm always skeptical when
someone talks to me about a new
case.
I'm a researcher,
and I have doubt.
It's part of my work.
I also make
documentaries, so when
I speak in favor of
someone, I must be careful.
The first time I saw
Giuseppe in Milan
was when I had given a
lecture about the circles
in the wheat fields.
He had some pictures
of Antonio's spaceship,
and I looked at them.
I have rarely seen
such clear photographs.
Of course, I hesitated.
"No," I said to Giuseppe,
"they are too perfect.
I think they're false.
Are you sure that
this man does not
take videos of toys, or models,
or computer compositions?"
And he told me,
"No, I'm an analyst
and have already done
tests on several videos
from 2003, 2004, 2005,
and nothing was false."
Giuseppe then told
me he had himself
one of those encounters.
So I asked him to introduce
me to that person.
Something else that
surprised me was
to learn that Antonio
was a fashion designer.
How could a designer
witness UFO flights?
That does not exist in
the history of Ufology.
That's how it all began, Jaime.
After all of these years,
I am entirely convinced,
especially knowing
Antonio and Simona.
They're good, honest people.
They're not looking for money.
They do it for their love
of these manifestations.
For me, one of the
most important tests
is the human aspect.
That is difficult to falsify.
What you perceive from Antonio
while dining and talking to him
is very positive.
This has happened
for 15 years now.
I can tell you my conclusion
is that the case is authentic.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> That has also surprised me.
Sometimes with people, two
aspects do not come together.
If they have never seen
one, then it is not true
when they do see one.
Then it is too much to
comprehend and cannot be true
either.
So what do we want, to see
something or nothing at all?
It's difficult to know
what people really think.
I believe that being skeptical
is the right attitude.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> It is a necessity, because
occasionally there are
surprising cases.
But once we have proof, once the
investigations have been made,
why continue to doubt and
attack and place at risk
the safety of the person?
It does not make sense,
because at this moment
I have proof that
the case is valid.
We have demonstrated this
using the latest technology.
In a world as violent and
complicated as the one
we live, why have those
beings not declared war on us
in all of these years?
Maybe this is a
hope for humanity.
>> This case represents hope for
humanity because it shows that
the phenomenon is real,
that it is not dangerous,
that these beings are here, and
that their actions show that
they want to have contact
with human beings.
Giorgio Bongiovanni represents
a vital part in Antonio's life,
not only because he announces
crucial events in advance,
but because he has established
himself as a guide for Antonio.
Bongiovanni lives with his
own physical body experience,
which is extraordinary.
He reveals on his
hands and on his feet
the stigmata of Christ.
He has been analyzed by
different specialists, who
have concluded that this
case is inexplicable.
Even blood that
emanates from the wounds
not only clots instantly,
but sometimes emits
an intense smell of flowers.
>> We met for the first time in
2005 at a conference in Milan.
Antonio told me that I
have a lot of videos.
I would like to
show them to you.
Of course, at first I was
very cautious and respectful.
I said to him, let's see them.
By that time, we
already had thousands
of videos of UFOs, which were
being sent to us by many people
from different places.
Antonio and Simona, who
was then his girlfriend,
caught my attention because they
had something extraordinary.
They exuded great energy.
When we saw the videos of
Urzi, it was a revelation.
We were all amazed, as they
showed UFOs as we had never
seen them before.
So we started with
the investigation.
I'm not a researcher, so I
gave those videos to you,
my good friend Jaime Maussan,
as well as other researchers.
They are shocking.
We had to resolve the doubt
of knowing if they were fake.
Thank God they are
the real thing.
For me, the importance
of Antonio's videos
is not for this era.
For now, they serve to awaken
the curiosity of UFO fans
and to share with those who are
passionate about spirituality
and about the presence
of extraterrestrials.
The number of these
people is considerable.
I think we are in the millions.
And I include myself with them
because I am also a believer.
I support the in-depth and
positive investigations.
For me, the extensive contact
revealed by Antonio Urzi
is to prepare us
for real contact.
I feel we know
through inspiration
that Antonio is one of those
people along with others
in the world who are going
to film a massive contact
with the aliens.
Then all of humanity
will listen.
As I said, it's
not just Antonio.
There are other people on
basically every continent just
like our Antonio Urzi who
will all film the aliens
and thus open the doors
to a massive communication
with all humanity.
>> How is it possible that this
man knows when there will be
an important sighting, like
the one on April 17, 2018?
>> I have had a
spiritual inspiration.
My contact is not
physical, but spiritual.
These beings are angels.
In the last event
in particular, I
called Antonio and
said, "Go now and wait
because a huge UFO is coming."
That is how it happened.
>> However with Antonio's
case so clear and so powerful,
why is it that humanity
has not reacted?
>> You are afraid of the new,
the unknown, of the beautiful.
If we continue thinking
only about the past,
we are just holding
on to old ideas.
I am not saying that these
are wrong, just outdated,
old-fashioned, and obsolete.
We are afraid that a
man like Antonio Urzi
can change my life of
materialism, of selfishness.
It has always been
my way of thinking,
and now I have to change.
I believe and there
is evidence that there
is a persecution
against those who think
that Antonio is a contact.
His mission is not to send
messages but to be a contact,
because those
beings pose for him.
Antonio does not record UFOs
because he suddenly sees
them walking through a plaza.
On the contrary, these beings
seek him, move in front of him.
So at least he has a
telepathic contact.
So far I do not know if
Antonio sends messages.
If you would allow me
to share my opinion,
I don't think he does,
because writing messages is
very complicated and can cause
a very difficult dynamic.
I'm not saying that one
day he will do this,
but I think that at
this moment the contact
is very coherent with
the current method.
This relationship is not casual.
These beings are
communicating with Antonio.
They are interested in spreading
a peaceful, spiritual, positive
message of love and brotherhood.
I have insisted with
Antonio, be very careful,
and do not get
involved in matters
of money and materialism,
because he would lose contact,
as has happened to many others.
I think I know all or
most of the contact that
exists historically, having
read or met them personally.
I think that Antonio's
is the most coherent
of all up to this moment.
Others, like the case
of [INAUDIBLE],, Adamski,
and Siragusa, I
consider them to be
of a significant
spiritual level.
Those three, they have
always offered proof.
>> On January 4, 2017, Antonio
recorded a kind of energy ring.
It moved at a constant
speed at a high altitude.
The scene was filmed with
the 2,200-millimeter lens.
Shortly before concluding this
stage of our investigation,
Antonio shot two
other incredible views
of the extraterrestrial
presence.
The first one, after
not having recorded
a similar ship in three years,
happened on April 17, 2018.
Giorgio Bongiovanni had
warned him in advance
that a gold UFO was
going to appear.
In the film, you can
hear the singing of birds
where Antonio has captured
the scene from a park.
We hear Antonio call a guard
to witness the sighting.
He also mentions that Giorgio
Bongiovanni had told him
beforehand that you will see the
son's reflections on the ship.
A truly extraordinary video.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
>> Ciao.
Bellissimo.
Bello.
>> On June 10, 2018 in the
company of the group called
Mass Contact, Antonio was able
to videorecord an extraordinary
body with three or four bright
objects that rotated at high
speed inside.
To shoot these images, he used
the 2,200-millimeter Samyang
lens.
We can clearly
see and appreciate
the details of this object
or form of energy in the sky.
>> Four years ago, I formed
a group called Mass Contact.
More than 70 people meet with
me in the park, in the garden,
to observe the UFOs
for two or three hours.
Many people passing
by laugh at us
when they see us with the
cameras and all our equipment.
To them, the attraction is not
the objects in the sky, but us.
Don't you think it's absurd?
It's a sample of the
intellectual level
of many people in the world.
It's not really their fault.
We don't feel offended.
We understand them.
That's the way it's
always been until now.
Today I am more
aware than before.
The difference is
that in the past,
I was not sure of what was
happening to me, the events
that I saw.
Now it's different because
I have the certainty
that I am a contact.
Like having a cell
phone, I dial the number,
and I hope they answer the call.
So I make my contacts,
I concentrate,
I clear my mind of any
problem, and I establish
this special communication.
>> All the videos and
photographs of Antonio Urzi are
available to professional
researchers who maintain
an objective attitude.
It is without a doubt
an authentic case
like no other in the world--
a situation that is still
active and is happening today
and that could be the
beginning of a true contact
with other intelligences.
I am Jaime Maussan,
and I'll see you
in the next episode of "Nuevo."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presented "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.